e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\bin\Debug\App.xbf
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\bin\Debug\ImageControl.exe
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\bin\Debug\ImageControl.pdb
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\bin\Debug\resources.pri
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\bin\Debug\ImageControl.build.appxrecipe
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\obj\Debug\App.xaml
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\obj\Debug\App.xbf
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\obj\Debug\ImageControl.exe
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\obj\Debug\ImageControl.pdb
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
e:\users\360tb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageControl\ImageControl\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
